so I was told to head to the epic game
store because this month's free game
it's called The Bridge so being an
engineer I quickly headed to the steam
page searched for the bridge quickly
gave the game a buy and then loaded up
the game which starts with is that
someone snoring oh yes there's someone
snoring under this tree so wiggle left
and right oh I can shake the entire
screen oh apples have fallen down is
this Newton yeah an apple landed on his
head are we playing as Newton only
everything is that a quote you said
anyway we can then walk wait I just got
to the same app that's the same apple
tree right I'm actually wondering how
many apples can I get on the floor if we
just do that our guy doesn't like it
he's like there a blowing earthquake
Matt what are you doing I think that's
the last Apple my guy's just like stuck
in like a little Valley like what is
going on yeah that was how Newton came
to discover that there was there was
gravity anyway if we walk this direction
oh we got to a hill we can't get up okay
so we actually need to lean the camera a
bit so we can get up the Steep Hill
there we go and then when we oh when we
get to the house we can see how one we
are let's just straighten that up a bit
so we go inside and then oh this is my
house con got this door press W that
leads us to more doors I guess this is
this is the first level The Loft so we
spawn well we don't we don't spawn we
drawn down here so cool right okay so we
walk have we got to get up to the top oh
can I spin like oh yeah I can spin all
the way around okay so if we spin like
that I'm rotating the level by the way
so we can end up here and then oh no oh
no oh I can walk on this I can walk on
these okay sweet so we're walking along
this way oh these are like these weird
like perception drawings that you
sometimes see like you know that like
with the impossible stairs and stuff so
is that what this game is like a Puzzler
but with like weird levels anyway up the
top I can see there's a key and lock oh
oh I can't I can't get across it says
slide though so if I slide the level oh
no the key fell down the key fell down I
wasn't expecting that yeah if I go like
over this way that book should slide
down nice so we can get across I can
then drop down here grab the key so door
is unlocked I've then just got to stand
there if we go this direction we can
then slide back without anything bad
happening oh this is really cool I like
this I like this a lot I like you a lot
anyway right we're we're spawning sorry
we're drawing in the middle oh goodness
this looks slightly complicated H did I
want to fall that way I don't know maybe
oh there's a really scary face up there
is that going to like crush me if lands
on me so if we rotate the level around
this way that ball falls down it goes
towards the door yeah so the ball's now
stuck in there so if I drop down this
way can I rotate back oh I was going to
say back that direction but then I'll
just fall down I think I need to try and
get like over over to here actually if I
go really fast yeah that Ball's going
straight down nice okay get it in that
corner and then just keep rotating we
can jump down to the door without
getting crushed by the bolt just flatten
out the level and we're through okay so
this level has a key up there there's oh
a swinging bolt a key hanging from that
tree thing and then I'm up here okay so
zoomed out it looks like that this is a
really weird looking level I'm not going
to lie all right so I've got to go right
so we can do oh man look at everything
swinging look at the ball look at the
key so we get to this point we'll then
sort of rotate around oh I don't know
what I'm doing I don't know what I'm
doing can I just like drop down will
that not like break my kneecap oh no I'm
fine okay so how do I get past this blow
ball on a rope if I just make it really
steep look at me slide okay we're down
here I guess I need to rotate around
this way so I can go get the key yes
okay we have the key the door is
unlocked up there so if we rotate back
yeah I can't walk up there it's like way
too steep so I think we're going to have
to yeah if we do that the ball is
nowhere near we can then just keep
rotating oh the ball is gone see you
later Bol and then we can just fall into
this Gap rotate it back the other
direction and we're through the door
right so this door has two padlocks on
which means there's two keys so the
first one is on the left the other one's
on the right how do I get up there can I
like climb this oh what is what a space
do oh it rewinds me oh I can rewind
that's quite interesting anyway oh look
the keys the keys are falling out well
the keys are sliding actually okay so
where do I want the keys to end up
probably along the middle so like I'm
looking at one key the one sort of on
the top left of my screen right now so
if I keep doing that then it ends up in
the middle what's the other key doing
the other key is going to fall down
there okay the other key is just stuck
in an infinite Loop yeah if I do that
the key is now in my in my area so
that's good to get the other key out I
think we just keep rotating the map back
this way oh wait I'm not sure I've just
I've just grabbed one key no that key is
going to fly off the edge of the map
isn't it oh No Maybe not maybe not if I
time this right right ready ready as the
key sort of starts sliding I'm just
going to have to rotate the map right so
that it like it doesn't fall off right
ready ready rotate rotate rotate rotate
rotate quick quick quick quick quick yes
got it got it okay so now it's in the
the loop that the first key was in so I
can literally just rotate the map all
the way around so that hopefully it ends
up well it ends up in like my area where
the other key was so I've rotated it
around so now it's coming along that
bridge in the middle nice okay so now we
can hopefully just hop down hop down
there grab the key B and then we're
through the door love it okay so this
level's called the Nook oh there's a
scary ball above me which means I
probably don't want to R rotate that way
no we want to rotate this way if we go
around there around here I'm hoping I
can drop down then drop down to this Gap
and then perhaps rotate back yeah so now
with this orientation can I I don't know
chances of me dropping on the door I
think slim to none yeah I fall down that
Gap oh that's annoying the trouble is if
we go this way yeah the ball's going to
crush me I don't want to get crushed or
will it be okay will it be okay no no no
no no no no oh no and my last memory was
that of pain press and hold space okay
so yeah that rewinds the level okay
that's cool right if I just walk into
that thing oh I literally die okay I
can't even touch the bolt I probably
need to go back to the start and maybe
get the ball out first so if I send the
ball like that direction I can then get
it down there oh I don't like where this
is going actually no I don't what have I
done what have I done I'm going to fall
into it okay what about from here can I
like beat the ball sounds like a really
terrible like game show beat the ball
beat the ball beat the ball just be oh
the ball beat me right let's start again
I feel like I was probably right
rotating this direction so maybe if I
get the ball down down to there can I
like now look to rotate back the other
way so the ball's there oh no it's just
crushes me but if I spin really really
fast maybe I can out run the Bol no oh
actually actually yes that would work if
I oh I jump too far if I ended up down
here and waited in this Gap then as we
rotate this way the ball should fly over
my head right so yeah there it goes
there it goes it's fallen down decent
yes that's how we do it oh finally that
was actually quite hard so jump across
to here go through the door chapter one
completed the world is a much larger
place when every wall is a floor that is
that is actually true uh where's the
stairc oh there isn't a staircase is
there well there is it's been broken but
it's because we got to do some rotating
because every wall is a floor oh I like
this I like this all right so we end up
here actually can I fall out the roof so
oh no I can't okay that's good I was
actually quite scared for a second
anyway we're up to we're up to chapter 2
I guess yes chapter T so in this level
there's a sort of like Vortex I mean the
level is called The Vortex but what does
it do if oh no I'm being stretched oh oh
what's wrong with me am I just trapped
in here now heang on if I slide the key
to the door does it unlock oh it doesn't
unlock okay well I think what I need to
do then is not fall into the Vortex so
can I can I get that key to move by
going over to there sliding yes okay so
the key is in a sort of safe area now so
it means I should be able to just rotate
the map This Way get the key to fall
down to me come on come on key there it
goes there it goes right catch it right
and then the door is open and we're
through all right so this next level I'm
down here we've got the the locked door
to the left there seems to be a Vortex
but it's not always there so if I get
sucked in yeah I do come out okay so I
can grab the key and get sucked back in
and then yeah flung out oh no am I
trapped I thought I could get flung out
yes run away oh I can't run away
actually if I have gravity on my side so
if I fall out this direction no my head
my head got sucked back in damn vortexes
right okay this angle should be good get
far enough away and then quickly flatten
it out yes then we're through the door
that was decent to be fair I'm actually
quite liking these levels so is that a
button up there yeah it is if we oh if
we press the button it turns the vortex
off but it releases the ball yeah it
looks like I can't press the button
unless gravity helps me question can I
go around this no I can't oh goodness I
mean to be fair if we keep this sort of
like that angle just so the ball is oh
no the vortex comes back doesn't it oh
no I forgot I need to stand on the
button to get rid of the vortex so I've
got to get the ball up here I guess how
do I manage that actually actually if I
go into the Vortex we can then rotate
the map however we want cuz we're like
we're safe in The Vortex so if I rotate
this way you can see the ball is like
around the bottom of the screen coming
down that way and then boo presses the
button and then we are free all right
the one thing I don't like about this
game I don't have any eyes why does my
character have no eyes oh what's going
on here we've got like triangular
pillars oh we got a key down the bottom
and as I slide this way can I get the
key to press the button no it doesn't
look like it right key Stop N key keys
too slippery anyway these columns are
cool so you can see like I can walk to
like the other side of all these okay so
we're now down here this is where we
started actually um I'm just wondering
yes if we do that we've slid the key oh
no we' slid the key into the Vortex oh
that's fine cuz look if we keep rotating
I can walk along this pillar to get to
the button and you'll notice the vortex
is completely above me so if we press a
button the key drops and it ends up
right by us nice so now we've just got
to end up at the door so if we rotate
this way we can walk along this column
this game's really really unique I'm not
going to lie it's really cool though so
yeah we end up at the door like that
nice so what's going on here I've
started up the top I'm next to the ball
of Doom so what I'm guessing I probably
got to knock the ball off and then
where's the door actually and if I press
the button oh the Door's in the middle
okay so I've got to get myself down to
the middle and I got to get the ball up
to like where I am now on this button
what's the easiest way to do that I
guess try and get the ball to move first
no cuz then I'm just going to get
crushed by it aren't I no we got to go
we got to go this direction okay okay so
this looks good so we're completely
upside down from the start if I now go
over here now the ball crush me oh no
not necessarily actually if I go right
to the edge maybe I can get the ball to
like just squeeze past me so just
flatten out the level then do that oh
right ready ready yes yes we made it we
made it um I don't actually think this
is a good situation to be in the yeah
none of us are going to move until the
ball flattens us yeah okay that was bad
okay I think what we got to do then
we've got to send this ball into like
the circular area but not into not into
the portal just around this outside I
think we're probably safe now or maybe
if we go all the way around this way is
it going to get stuck there no it
doesn't get stuck still if we do this
the ball can't escape I think this is
working as long as it doesn't have the
momentum to come out bling out okay so
now I just need to rotate this real fast
so that I fall into the portal yes okay
so now we're trapped in the middle we
just got to get the ball back to the
button which should be pretty straight
forward so we can just rotate the entire
map we don't have to worry what I'm
doing cuz I'm I'm trapped in the portal
until we get to this point where the
ball presses the button and then look
down here I'm free without my eyeballs
to go through the door nice do you know
what's interesting this game is called
the bridge but I haven't seen one bridge
yet I haven't even done a bridge review
what is going on anyway we've got to try
and get the ball onto the button I guess
so if we if we rotate this way we can
get the ball in there and then that can
press the button I can drop down all
just about and then sort of walk up this
way yeah I may I may actually want to
stay here so I'm in the portal and then
if we just rotate the level
slowly this way oh no I was going to say
could drop down and get the key but I
can't get the key cuz we need the portal
to stop and we need the portal to stop
by pressing the button and if we press
the button the key is now hanging which
means I can't get to it h right what if
we bring the ball down to the button all
right so so so so there you go there you
go right ball is in the button no don't
no don't let me go in oh no I went in
all right rewind rewind there you go in
the level the opposite direction then I
don't fall in and then the key is close
if I just come down this way I'm just
trying to get the key to fall off up the
top look it's sliding it is sliding come
on key right there you go there you go
Key's falling off so we can then rotate
back this direction we can then go grab
the key nice so door is unlocked and
then I think we just do pretty much what
we just did but like the opposite so I
free I free the ball from the portal and
we bring that over that way and then
I've just got to fall down without
touching the ball so into the portal
there we go no no no don't let the ball
go in oh noed all right rewind rewind
okay lean right okay so I'm the portal
the ball is down at the bottom which
means hopefully if we spin real fast
that should end up there we can then
keep rotating so it presses the button
releases me from the portal and then I'm
free to go through the door oh that was
that was cool these are making me think
but like in a good way right and then
we're on to chapter three levels which o
has these weird painting things the
inversion it's called so oh look I can
walk over this way we can spin this
around there's like chains dotted about
this is like one those weird like
stairway puzzle things so I think is
that the door in the top left it looks
like undrawn though I don't know if we
keep walking around the level like this
way we can go oh oh W oh it flips the
entire map oh so now I'm out here what
it's like a weird like SpaceTime portal
thing so I'm now out this way I'm like
I'm not colored in anymore so does that
mean I can get through the door so if we
walk around the top the door is the same
color as us yes right so I guess can we
only inter interact with things that are
like the opposite oh they're like on an
opposite an opposite like gravity like
the ball above me is like a white one
it's stuck to the ceiling Oh weird okay
so if I go to that and then rotate over
to this way I'm now yeah I'm now not
colored in I can get the key yeah I need
to get the dark ball out of there so if
we go like over this way the dark ball
ends up there I can keep walking down
here dark ball is up there and then from
this point I can then invert and then if
I come out this side yeah we're in we're
in the room with the white bolt and that
one can't hurt me decent oh that was
that was quite a cool level all right so
we're on to another level oh my goodness
this looks quite confusing so we got to
get to the door up the top it's colored
in like myself now I imagine I'm going
to have to uncolor myself if I want to
actually get up there but let's walk all
the way around this Edge oh oh I'm not
actually rotating the level the level
rotates with me anyway yeah if we rotate
to there we can then walk around this
way and then from this point if we
rotate right oh no we do just fall down
okay cuz if you look I'm on the right
side to get to the door but I I can't go
through the door yeah I'm inverted so I
need to go un invert myself now I could
just go through there but that's where I
came through initially the question is
can I walk past that okay I can't so I
can rotate this way around and then can
I keep rotating no then I fall off the
map no cuz I've gone right that goes to
the door oh can I go right and then drop
down so if we go go past the door and
then drop down back to the start yeah
then we're on the original Loop yes
which means we can go through the
inversion and then we end up where we
were like just a second ago but we'll be
the the correct colored inversion okay
so look we get to the inversion here we
do that and then we literally just walk
right and then yeah we've made it ah
decent decent it's decent right so for
this one we got a locked door over this
side it's got a white key and I can't
get to the white key key it's on a
different gravity to me well what I'm
actually thinking I could invert there
but maybe I want to go all the way
around end up all the way down here and
then invert so I'm here and then I've
just got to bring the key back to me
right so if I do that sort of thing I
can't get to this key can I no I think
that's how I get to the door but to get
the key I overthought it so I think if
we restart this what if I what if I flip
and then I walk all the way back around
the outside I have a feeling this could
work yeah cuz look me and the key we're
going to intercept yeah he's only G and
done it he's only gone and done it boo
so we have the key which means now we
can just invert to make ourselves
possible to walk through the door and
then we've just got to walk this way to
get to the door and we've done it oh man
that one properly made me think I think
to be honest I just Tri and narrowed it
but I don't know maybe that's just my
engineering brain like working
subconsciously I'm that good at
engineering my trial and error is
engineering yeah that makes sense okay
so this is called the corridor there's
balls of Doom everywhere is everything
linked to everything I think everything
is linked to everything so this is
probably going to end in tears so I'm
just going to go for an explore and sort
of see what happens so I could jump
through there oh can I not actually
escape from this Loop oh yeah so when
I'm in this loop I can't actually get
out of it I tell you what I need to get
the ball the dark ball that is so you
can see there's the Dark ball going over
there I need to get that out of the out
of the danger zone oh cuz now look if I
jump back into into this area and buy
the key decent so we have the key so now
we've just got to make it to the door
which means I think ending up on that
arrow to the left of the door well or
the one down the bottom oh I can get to
the one down the bottom can't I so if we
go under here and walk along this way we
can then get in this Arrow which will
send us right next to the door in the
correct color actually work that one out
that wasn't trial and error oh goodness
this has four keys and there there's two
dark ones and two light ones oh look at
the state of this level oh no oh no
where do I even start on this like we
can walk around this way but then wear
the wrong color for that key you can see
that just floating above me we can then
keep going around this way there's a key
in the middle but I'm obviously on the
wrong side oh I can keep walking though
and I think this should lead to a key
over here yes although it is hanging off
not ideal but yes we have one key decent
so question from here can I get to the
other dark key probably not without
inverting I Reon let's invert down that
way all right so when we invert we're
just trapped on this middle bit oh yeah
and there's only two ways in and out of
this okay so we have to invert over
there and then oh I got another key oh
I'm actually quite good at this so if we
walk this direction I think if I invert
in that middle area so like this one
here yes look then I can walk around
this outside edge to get the key that's
floating by the lamp post so that key is
mine and then the other key I reckon
actually if I just go back this
direction I can walk all the way around
and I think I can drop off the end oh oh
careful not too far not too far Matt so
yeah we rotate this around we go all the
way to the left and look you can see the
key is like above me it's like hanging
down by that lamp post obviously I can't
jump to get that but if we rotate this
then we can drop down here and then just
go right and then we have all the keys
oh and then we can keep going right I
think so once we got that key can keep
going oh no I was hoping I'd be on the
wall like to the right but I'm not I'm
up here I need to invert so then I'm in
here but I'm the wrong color oh no I
thought the keys would be the hard bit
yeah actually I think from this point
I've got it I think if I walk over this
way drop off the edge so drop off there
and then if I just keep walking around
this way I should get to another invert
and you can see that's right next to the
door so as I invert through this I just
go right yeah we're through the door oh
man that made me think anyway chapter 3
is completed now which means we've have
we completed this little house oh yeah
look there's a basement now okay so I
think we get to the basement by going
over to this thing and that's like an
inversion sign W can we go through an
upside down door no we can't um oh yeah
but we can we can literally just rotate
the map right so nice chapter 4 here we
come so chapter 4 looks even more
abstract sadly still no Bridge is I feel
like this game was a bit of clickbait I
tell you that they knew they'd suck Ross
Engineers into buying it right well
anyway guys I'm going to leave it there
hope you enjoyed that was the bridge
it's free on Epic store or if you want
to support the developer then go buy it
on Steam but for now I'll say peace love
and no pupils bye guys